for you we'll find it after many days
for you we'll find it after many days give a serving to seven and also to
give a serving to seven and also to
give a serving to seven and also to eight for you do not know what evil will
eight for you do not know what evil will
eight for you do not know what evil will be on the earth if the clouds are full
be on the earth if the clouds are full
be on the earth if the clouds are full of rain they empty themselves upon the
of rain they empty themselves upon the
of rain they empty themselves upon the earth and if a tree falls to the south
earth and if a tree falls to the south
earth and if a tree falls to the south or the north in the place where the tree
or the north in the place where the tree
or the north in the place where the tree falls there it shall lie he who observes
falls there it shall lie he who observes
falls there it shall lie he who observes the wind will not sow and he who regards
the wind will not sow and he who regards
the wind will not sow and he who regards the clouds will not reap as you do not
the clouds will not reap as you do not
the clouds will not reap as you do not know what is the way of the wind or how
know what is the way of the wind or how
know what is the way of the wind or how the body will of her who is with child
the body will of her who is with child
the body will of her who is with child so you do not know the works of God who
so you do not know the works of God who
so you do not know the works of God who makes everything in the morning so your
makes everything in the morning so your
makes everything in the morning so your see and in the evening do not withhold
see and in the evening do not withhold
see and in the evening do not withhold your hand for you do not know which will
your hand for you do not know which will
your hand for you do not know which will prosper either this or that or whether
prosper either this or that or whether
prosper either this or that or whether both alike will be good
both alike will be good
both alike will be good truly the light is sweet and it is
truly the light is sweet and it is
truly the light is sweet and it is pleasant for the eyes to behold the Sun
pleasant for the eyes to behold the Sun
pleasant for the eyes to behold the Sun but if a man lives many years and
but if a man lives many years and
but if a man lives many years and rejoices in them all yet let him
rejoices in them all yet let him
rejoices in them all yet let him remember the days of darkness for there
remember the days of darkness for there
remember the days of darkness for there will be many all that is coming is
will be many all that is coming is
will be many all that is coming is vanity
rejoice Oh young man in your youth and
rejoice Oh young man in your youth and let your heart cheer you in the days of
let your heart cheer you in the days of
let your heart cheer you in the days of your youth walk in the ways of your
your youth walk in the ways of your
your youth walk in the ways of your heart and in the sight of your eyes but
heart and in the sight of your eyes but
heart and in the sight of your eyes but know that for all these God will bring
know that for all these God will bring
know that for all these God will bring you into judgment
you into judgment
you into judgment therefore remove sorrow from your heart
therefore remove sorrow from your heart
therefore remove sorrow from your heart and put away evil from your flesh for
and put away evil from your flesh for
and put away evil from your flesh for childhood and youth are vanity